# signald 0.17.0

[see all code changes here](https://gitlab.com/signald/signald/-/compare/0.16.1...0.17.0)

It's been a busy month and there's been a huge amount of work on signald. This release fixes a lot of bugs and brings a
lot of features and improvements. Here are some highlights:

* First, a huge shout out to @sumner for fixing the memory leak ([!114](https://gitlab.com/signald/signald/-/merge_requests/114))
* Messages sent to groups will now try to use the sender keys feature, which should improve group send speed especially 
    in larger groups
* New request type [`wait_for_scan`](https://signald.org/protocol/actions/v1/wait_for_scan/) is available to allow
    faster user feedback when linking
  * `finish_link` still must be called after `wait_for_scan`
  * `wait_for_scan` is not required, calling `finish_link` after `generate_linking_uri` will still work
* Some new options for dealing with remote key rotation have been introduced:
  * `--trust-new-keys` (or environment variable `SIGNALD_TRUST_NEW_KEYS=true`) will cause new keys to be marked as
      `TRUSTED_UNVERIFIED` instead of `UNTRUSTED`, which is more in line with most user expectations.
  * `--trust-all-keys-on-start` (or environment variable `SIGNALD_TRUST_ALL_KEYS=true`) will update the trust store to
    mark all `UNTRUSTED` keys as` TRUSTED_UNVERIFIED`, which should help fix issues caused by lack of `--trust-new-keys`
      option earlier.
  * Eventually `--trust-new-keys` may become the default, if you have feelings on this topic file an issue, drop by the
      chat room or send me an email
* Several improvements around session locking have been fixed. This may result in slightly slower send/receive times,
    but significantly better deliverability
* Message resend requests are now automatically sent on message decryption failures (in line with first party clients)
* Several new metrics are available, including timing around all SQL queries
* Read support for the storage service has been implemented. This should fix most of the contact and group syncing
    issues people have been experiencing.
* Sentry support has been added to report exceptions. This is disabled by default and there isn't really a way to turn
    it on without signing up for [Sentry](https://sentry.io) or hosting your own server. Set environment variable
    `SENTRY_DSN` to use.
  * after enabling Sentry support, many exceptions that were previously uncaught have been caught and handled better
  * some of these resulted in new error types from in the protocol